She was only a whiskey-maker, but he loved her still.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I tried to catch some fog, but I mist.
England has no kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool.
Velcro, what a rip off!
A dyslexic man walks into a bra
Deja Moo: The feeling that you've heard this bull before
Two cows are standing next to each other in a field. Daisy says to Dolly, \"I was artificially inseminated this morning.\" \"I don't believe you,\" says Dolly. \"It's true, no bull!\" exclaims Daisy.
Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused Novocain during a root canal? His goal: transcend dental medication.
And finally, there was the person who sent ten different puns to friends, with the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh. No pun in ten did.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
Why did the snowman smile? Because the snowblower is coming.
Two boll weevils grew up in South Carolina. One went to Hollywood and one never amounted to much. The second one, naturally, became known as the lesser of two weevils.